Case number 2017LO309 for murder.
We will now begin the appeal trial.
The prosecutor is present.
Defendant Ahn Tae Kyoo...
and his counsel are present.
Defendant Baek Min Ho...
and his public defender are present.
We'll hear from the prosecution first.
What are your grounds for appeal?
The defendant insisted...
that Baek Min Ho murdered Kong Soo Ah,
and submitted a glove...
with Baek Min Ho's blood as evidence.
Jung Young Ho of NFS, who analyzed the blood,
submitted this written statement.
He states...
that no such evidence existed...
and that he forged it...
per Ahn Tae Kyoo's request.
It proves he concealed his own crime...
and that he was...
the real murderer.
Defense. Do you have anything to say?
I'd like to submit...
Lee Sang Joon's letter of resignation from NFS.
Why are you submitting this?
He was the NFS technician...
who analyzed the glove...
the prosecution submitted into evidence.
He was fired...
for embezzlement.
If we accept the assertion that the glove evidence...
was forged as per Ahn Tae Kyoo's orders,
we must also question...
the glove the prosecution submitted.
Both pieces of evidence the parties submitted...
lack credibility, and thus,
we will exclude both from consideration.
Prosecution.
Do you have any other evidence?
The trial is over.
Let's go.
Your Honor.
I'm the defendant Baek Min Ho's new counsel.
Ma Yi Deum.
(Power of Attorney)
The one who murdered Kong Soo Ah...
is...
Ahn Tae Kyoo.
Counsel.
Do you have proof?
I submit...
a video of Ahn Tae Kyoo assaulting the victim...
on the day of the murder into evidence.
Ahn Tae Kyoo...
concealed his crime...
and framed his friend Baek Min Ho for it all.
He has not repented at all this entire time.
He manipulated evidence,
covered up his crime,
and manipulated the law. Thus, I recommend...
he be sent to life in prison.
We overrule the decision...
in the initial trial...
against Ahn Tae Kyoo and Baek Min Ho.
Ahn Tae Kyoo is sentenced to life in prison,
and Baek Min Ho...
is sentenced to three years in prison.
Baek Min Ho's sentence will be reduced, however,
to five years of probation.
Let go. Let go of me!
Let go!
Hand it in today.
Are you all right?
- Get Gap Soo on the line. - Okay.
- Did the trial go well? - You knew, didn't you?
- Pardon? - The video...
from Kingdom.
What do you mean?
They just showed a video...
of Tae Kyoo at Kingdom.
- How would that get... - Because of it,
Tae Kyoo got lifetime in prison.
What will you do now?
Listen.
I'll look into it then get back to you.
(Two days ago)
We can get Tae Kyoo with this.
Yes.
The problem is getting Cho Gap Soo.
Once he finds out about the Kingdom video,
he'll try to cover it no matter what.
We have to win the trial and expose Kingdom too.
We should use media to our advantage.
You must know already,
but Cho has a hand in the industry too.
It doesn't have to be through a news, right?
I know just the person.
(Han Jung Mi)
I run internet shows after leaving JoongA Ilbo.
You can trust me.
I'll give proper exposure...
for Cho Gap Soo and Kingdom.
What is it?
Sir, you need to take a look at this.
There is an internet show about your nephew.
Today at this court, the truth...
about the Kong Soo Ah case was revealed.
Unlike what was revealed in the first trial,
the true murderer of the case was Ahn Tae Kyoo.
Ahn Tae Kyoo,
a law school student at Hankuk University...
is the son of Hyungjae's Chairman Ahn Suk Pil.
The truth was concealed until now...
because Hyungjae Hotel hid the fact...
Ahn murdered in order to keep their honor.
However, that wasn't the only reason.
A lobbying room exists in Hyungjae Hotel,
but it was kept a secret to the public.
That's where the murder happened.
According to a report, the prime minister...
among many other high officials...
have frequented Hyungjae Hotel.
Kingdom is on the K level of Hyungjae Hotel.
It's a VIP membership club.
I saw a lot of high officials there.
They drink expensive alcohol with young women.
The prime minister recently asked...
the chancellor of Hankuk University...
to get his grandson enrolled.
I think this happened many times before.
From what I hear, Ahn Tae Kyoo...
also got into their law school...
after building the school auditorium.
After checking,
Ahn Tae Kyoo attended...
only 14 days of class this year.
However, his average was A,
and he even received a scholarship.
This is something...
that cannot be explained without lobbying.
We witnessed a murderer who advanced in society...
due to lobbying frame someone else.
With this video, we will not stay silent.
They concealed the death of an innocent woman,
and lobbied for Illicit admissions.
This is where various lobbying...
with high officials took place.
We highly urge...
a special investigation of Kingdom.
Baek Min Ho, out.
Min Ho, why are you leaving?
That outfit suits you the most.
What?
You jerk! Where are you going?
Baek Min Ho! Baek Min Ho!
Come back, you jerk!
(Real Estate Register)
Baek Min Ho.
Anyway, thank you for your work.
I didn't come to get your thank you.
There is something your brother owes me.
If something happens to me,
I'll leave the evidence with my brother.
Why would he send you such a text?
He did something extremely wrong to me.
He died while trying to fix it.
Did he say anything about this?
No.
Anyway, I got you out...
because of the evidence he promised me.
I don't have much time. Call me when you find it.
All right.
The place of Kong Soo Ah's murder...
took place in Hyungjae Hotel's Kingdom.
The news of the lobbying and illicit admissions...
allowed Kingdom to become a hot topic to research.
On the Blue House's website,
over 10,000 citizens requested...
the special investigation of Kingdom.
It's going per your plan.
You're behind this, aren't you?
It took me 20 years.
You're amazing.
You were always like this when we were in training.
And you were known to keep your promises.
You haven't forgotten your promise...
to help me catch Cho Gap Soo, right?
Of course not.
However, you have to wait.
The district attorney is against it.
We can't investigate just based on public opinion.
That's why I need you to help me find evidence.
We have to get it all out of him...
before he makes a move.
I'm asking you. What's between you and Ma?
Are you still on that?
You found that video. Did you give it to her?
What is this about?
My instinct tells me you two are...
not dating.
Have this.
You give her a video, and I get a pickle?
I'm your senior. Don't keep me out of it.
You should share if there's something good.
Gosh, you're so cheap.
You pay for the noodles.
Did you eat, sir?
Yes.
- You must be Yeo. - Yes.
I heard about you from Ms. Min.
What is this about?
(Search and Seizure Warrant)
I'm from the Prosecutors' Office.
From now on, we'll start our search...
and seizure of Kingdom.
Don't follow us.
We'll take care of it.
Those guys.
Why didn't they cooperate before?
Excuse me, which level is Kingdom?
I wouldn't know.
They don't know.
I'll call someone.
You forgot this.
You can't go up to Kingdom without this.
The prosecutors left empty-handed.
Okay.
(Oh Soo Chul: Get ready for a search.)
It's too late with Tae Kyoo.
Everyone with eyes...
are dying to see Kingdom.
I'm going to make it public.
You're responsible too.
Gosh.
You should be cool-headed...
at a time like this.
What did you say?
Kingdom is my secret room,
but this is your hotel.
- So? - You need to cover us up.
Kingdom isn't located in Yeongpa City Hall.
It's right here.
Inside your hotel.
On top of that,
you got to collect some dough...
from high officials...
with your talk about White Town.
If the prosecution goes deeper,
you'll be responsible for lobbying too.
How will you...
fix that?
Gap Soo.
You...
It's only a passing storm.
Just erase everything and stay quiet.
It'll be gone before we know it.
If you want to reduce Tae Kyoo's sentence,
you need to be alive and well.
Did you look into it?
Yes.
Who's supporting...
the prosecution's side?
Assistant prosecutor general, Song.
He was in training with Min Ji Sook.
It's Min Ji Sook again?
Because of the illicit admissions,
the public is making complaints.
Even at the Prosecutors' Office,
many are supporting a special investigation.
We better calm down the Prosecutors' Office.
Book a time with the district attorney.
Yes, sir.
Also,
Chancellor Kim Ho Kyung keeps on calling you.
He received a notice to visit...
the Prosecutors' Office for illicit admissions.
Tell him to figure it out himself!
I don't have time to take care of him.
All right.
(Baek Sang Ho)
Sang Ho, I'm sorry.
Sang Ho,
this house is so cool.
When I grow up and make a lot of money,
I'll buy this house.
Then you and I can live here forever.
Okay?
Okay.
We'll live here for a long time.
Where did he leave it?
Do you remember?
When you were in elementary school,
there was a house...
with a big tree that you admired.
(Business trip with Congressman Cho Gap Soo)
(I'm seeing Cho for the Kingdom video.)
(I hope this won't be my last.)
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
Yes. Welcome.
You've been busy lately, right?
You must be busy too.
Hey, do you remember...
Mr. Park who retired last year?
He had two law firms...
merge recently.
He's looking for new lawyers.
Would you...
be interested?
I don't intend on quitting yet.
Is that so?
I must have got it wrong.
I hear that you're...
interested in special prosecutions.
I hear that you and Min Ji Sook...
had a secret meeting.
Everyone's talking about it.
Let me tell you a rumor too.
I heard that some of us...
are involved with Kingdom's corruption.
Have you heard about it?
I worked 30 years for the Prosecutors' Office.
I've witnessed many prosecutors get ruined...
while chasing rumors of the public.
Do you know what they had in common?
They blabbed...
about justice and conviction,
and what they wanted was success.
I don't want immature kids like that,
but prosecutors who take responsibility...
for their actions.
Especially if they're working under me.
Do you mean the search and seizure of Kingdom?
The entire nation is watching,
and you showed them how you failed.
Shouldn't you take responsibility for that?
Don't you agree?
Of course.
Someone needs to be accountable.
Sir.
I think we were too rash.
I said I'd take responsibility...
for going in to search without following rules.
I'll do it, sir.
If someone must be accountable at this stage,
it should be me, since I am weak.
You have more things to do as a prosecutor.
Three months of suspension?
Yeo. What's gotten into you lately?
You conduct a search without notifying me,
you notify me that you've been suspended...
I'm sorry, ma'am.
Ma'am.
I need to talk to you.
What have you been doing?
You'll get hurt if you find out.
- Are you doing... - Ms. Ma.
It's been so long.
It really has.
Ms. Ma. You've gotten prettier since you left.
You must like being a lawyer.
Seo. You're good at backhanded compliments.
You're a pro.
Anyway, it's good to see you.
I had many questions for you.
What have you and Yeo been doing?
Why are you asking me about him?
He's your junior prosecutor now.
Exactly. I'm his senior prosecutor,
but he won't talk to me.
Anyway, it's so nice seeing you here.
I know. You're a perfect fit with CAGU.
Why are you going around...
Anyway, can't CAGU expand or something,
so that Ms. Ma will have a spot?
Right, Mr. Yeo?
It would be nice if we had an opening.
Stop that.
It's not like you were fired.
It's just a three-month suspension.
Isn't the box a bit much?
They aren't my personal effects.
They're documents for the case.
Why does a suspended prosecutor need that?
Why else?
Aren't you going to catch Cho Gap Soo?
I told you last time,
that I'll punish everyone who did that...
to your mother, regardless of who they are.
You can't be persuaded. What can I do?
You insist on walking down a thorny path.
You sound like this has nothing to do with you.
Admit it now.
We're already in the same boat.
(Baek Min Ho)
Hello? Hello? Koo Suk Chan speaking.
Stop sleeping, and come to my office.
Well... I was... I was just thinking.
Sure. Okay. It's urgent, so come.
Yes, ma'am. Now? Yes, ma'am.
Please find this person.
It's for sex trafficking?
Must we arrest him?
Yes. The sooner the better.
He's on the run, so work with the police.
Understood.
Sleep at home.
- I wasn't sleeping. - Fine.
(Police Fail in Searching Hyungjae Hotel)
The police searched Hyungjae Hotel's Kingdom,
in relation to lobbying conducted there...
regarding admissions into Hankuk University.
Hyungjae Hotel asserts they suffered a loss...
due to the police's unreasonable search.
They state they will file a complaint...
against the prosecutors and officers involved.
(Jin Wook...)
Yes?
Doctor, we'll start the shoot now.
- Okay. - Also,
you know our special on elderly island residents?
We decided to go to Bujin.
- Bujin? - Yes.
There's a long term care facility named Naeil,
and it is a happy and energetic place.
Okay. I understand.
It's as you said.
We stopped Ahn Suh Rim's medication,
and she is regaining consciousness.
Okay. I understand.
Who was that?
Insurance to get Cho Gap Soo.
What insurance?
Just something.
Can't you share your Intel, please?
Why should I?
What are you doing?
If you won't share your Intel,
I won't share my car.
What do you think you're doing?
Oh, my gosh.
Fine. Fine.
Cho Gap Soo's wife, Ahn Suh Rim.
Satisfied?
Don't do that. I've been traumatized.
[VIU Ver] E14 Witch's Court "Kingdom"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(November 8, 2017)
What's this?
Is this all the evidence your brother mentioned?
First,
why don't you read it?
I'm heading to see Cho Gap Soo...
to get the video of Ahn Tae Kyoo beating...
Kong Soo Ah in the Kingdom.
I hope this will not be my last.
This looks like his last entry.
That's right.
The evidence he mentioned was his journal.
- His journal? - That's right.
Every order Cho Gap Soo gave to my brother...
for the past 20 years.
They're all written there in great detail.
With that journal, you can get Cho Gap Soo...
and lock him up for life.
That's good. But why is this all there is?
Uncover the truth behind my brother's death first.
I can't give it to you until then.
What?
Don't you get it after reading this?
My brother went to Cho Gap Soo because of me,
and he was murdered.
Look, Min Ho.
I understand you're angry, but keep your promise.
My brother comes first before any promise.
Find proof that my brother was murdered.
Then I'll give you the journal.
Ms. Min.
What happened here?
All the investigation records...
and material I gathered on Cho Gap Soo...
are all gone.
This is the last of it.
(Hyungjae Factory Case File)
Good work.
With Mr. Baek gone,
I need to step up.
They won't be able...
to do anything for the time being.
I didn't expect him to play so dirty.
He caught us off guard.
Can we get the special investigation?
The prosecutors' office seems against it.
The media is quieting down as well.
It'll be difficult in our current state.
This calls for a fatal blow.
That's right.
Something necessitating a special investigation.
That's what we need.
We need Baek Sang Ho's journal then.
We need to resolve his death first.
But the case was closed...
as a suicide three years ago,
and there probably isn't any useful evidence left.
Can you do it?
If there aren't any, we'll have to create one.
The journal is the only way to Cho Gap Soo.
I collected documents regarding his death.
Let's share that first.
- Okay. - I'll leave that to you.
I'll look to see if I can find anything.
See you later.
- Hello? - Ms. Min.
We caught the jerk.
Our house is uncomfortable, right?
Wait here. I'll get the documents.
It's fine. We don't have time.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Let's go in.
Sang Ho and Min Ho met...
at 2pm on the eighth.
After he left,
he spoke with Cho Gap Soo...
At 3:23pm.
He sent me that final text...
at 4:30pm.
It's less than an hour from the jail to his home.
He left the prison and spoke to Cho Gap Soo,
and got home before texting me.
His time of death...
is between 6pm and 12am on the 8th.
That's when he wrote the suicide note.
Suicide note.
- Here it is. - Here it is.
(Evidence 3)
Evidence of Baek Sang Ho's suicide?
Yes. We need to check something.
What is it about?
We're reopening the investigation.
Let me take a look.
Yes, sir.
It should be in the evidence room.
Come with me.
Here.
This is it.
Let me know when you're done.
Thank you.
(Doobalro Soccer League)
"Doobalro Soccer League"?
The one in the picture is the real one,
and this one was swapped out by someone.
Probably Cho Gap Soo, right?
I doubt it.
He would've gotten rid of the pen entirely,
since he has to cover up the crime.
Then who swapped the pens?
What did they want to check?
It may be someone...
who suspected Baek Sang Ho didn't commit suicide.
If they suspected foul play,
it may be someone who knew him.
Whoever it is, the person left evidence,
so let's look.
(Doobalro Soccer League)
This man.
Yes. Baek Sang Ho?
He's the officer from Janghyeon-dong.
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
He was at the internet cafe...
for three days straight.
The owner called it in,
so he had been arrested.
Choi Yong Woon.
I'll make you an offer.
You worked in the Kingdom for three years, correct?
I'm sure you know the most about the Kingdom.
Give me all that you know about the Kingdom,
and I'll help you at your trial.
Why should I?
Even if you get out of here,
you can't go back there.
I mean there's no reason for you to stay quiet.
And if I refuse?
You'll tie me to sex trafficking...
and lock me up, is that it?
No.
I'll call Cho Gap Soo...
to come and take you.
- Explain yourself! - Explain yourself!
- Apologize! - Apologize!
- Repent! - Repent!
- Resign and apologize! - Resign and apologize!
You should be studying.
Why are you here?
I did it for the school!
- You don't know anything! - Shut it!
Let's go!
- What are you doing? - Move!
- Stop! - I know he's inside!
You're alive, I see.
What are you doing right now?
You're being rude.
Rude?
Look, Mayor Cho.
Do you think I care about manners right now?
I gave the prosecutors your name, and said...
they should investigate you too!
But...
they ignored me.
How much did you give them?
How tight are you with them,
that they went after only me?
Mr. Kim.
Don't make a bigger fool of yourself,
and leave.
What?
Do you think I'll just take it?
Cho Gap Soo!
I swear, I'll finish you!
Let go! Let go of me!
Let go!
(Bujin Hole-in-One Souvenirs)
Here are the souvenirs...
from your hole-in-one in Bujin that you ordered.
Hole-in-one?
Put that away!
I'm sorry, sir.
That island was a jinx.
Sorry.
Go and take care of it.
- Mom, are you hungry? - Yes.
Put that down and eat while it's still warm.
Let's see.
It looks good on you.
Is this for me, Mom?
Of course, it is.
Gyung Sun, you always catch a cold...
whenever it gets cold out.
You're the only one who cares about me, Mom.
- Here. - Okay.
Gyung Ja.
- Give me. I'll do it. - It's okay.
I'm almost done.
Why are you suddenly cleaning? Is something up?
A TV station is coming to film something.
Doctor. You must be cold.
Here, have this.
Thank you.
Have you been to Bujin before?
No. This is my first time.
February 11, 2003. Tuesday. 10pm.
I went to Sena Mental Hospital...
and spoke to the director, Dr. Ko Jae Sook.
Remove Kwak Young Shil's oxygen mask yourself.
I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
I heard she's in a coma as it is.
She's still alive.
And she saved my son's life. I can't do it.
You're the one who locked her up...
for seven years.
It's too late to get out of it now.
Then I'll bring her out into the public,
and prepare to pay for my sins.
Doctor.
We'll have her cremated right away.
Take this secret...
to your grave.
That's right.
Sang Ho...
wouldn't kill a person that easily.
How's our esteemed commissioner of police?
Yes, yes. I'm doing well, thanks to you.
Yes. I actually have a favor to ask.
Yes. I'm looking for a person.
The person's name?
Yes.
It's Choi Gyung Ja.
You know this pen, don't you?
I don't know.
Baek Sang Ho.
You know he was murdered, don't you?
Pardon?
He was found dead after meeting with Cho Gap Soo.
I think he was murdered by Cho Gap Soo.
If we can find proof,
we can uncover the truth behind his death.
That's why we came here to see you.
(November 8, 2017)
When I heard what happened,
I couldn't believe it and I rushed to the scene.
Look at this handwriting.
Did you see Kim last night?
- Yes, sir. - Seriously.
- Yes, sir. - "Forget dinner."
- "Let's grab coffee." - I know.
- And... - Excuse me.
Are you done processing the scene?
What is there to process? It's a simple suicide.
I heard his position was strange.
How could he hang himself while sitting?
What doesn't make sense?
It was a suicide, so we're saying it's suicide.
Were there signs of foul play?
You need to investigate more closely.
Seriously. You're annoying.
Who are you?
Who are you to tell me what to do in my district?
It's because you're not investigating properly!
- What? - That's right.
- What? - That's right!
Why you little...
- Stop it. - Come at me.
Get over here, you punk!
Get off of me. Who does he think he is?
- Let go. - My heart.
I'm going to report all of you for assault.
You'll report me? Fine. Go ahead. Report me.
Go ahead. You'd better do it. Let go!
Let go! Let go of me!
That ignorant brute.
You don't investigate with brute force.
Something seemed off.
There were so many things that were suspicious,
but they were rushing to close the case.
That's why I took that, although I knew...
it was wrong.
Did you have this tested?
There were two people's fingerprints.
But there was nothing to compare them to.
I bet it was Cho Gap Soo and Baek Sang Ho.
We'll take this and have it analyzed.
You know,
I owe...
Detective Baek a lot.
This is all I can do...
because I'm incompetent.
Please.
I'm relying on you.
Please solve this case.
Let's go see Min Ho.
Choi Gyung Ja and Kwak Young Shil...
are both here, as you had predicted.
Kwak Young Shil is living as Choi Gyung Sun.
She's alive,
is that it?
What should I do?
Kill them.
Kill them both.
What's wrong? What's going on?
Keep running.
One of the fingerprints lifted from this...
was your brother's.
Once we confirm the other is Cho Gap Soo's,
with the ink analysis of the suicide note,
we should be able to arrest him for murder.
Then let's do that first.
No. That won't be enough.
It's obvious we won't be able to lock him up...
for more than five years for murder.
If he asserts...
it was suicide and gets away with it,
he'll get out in less than a year.
We'll make sure...
Cho Gap Soo rots in jail for the rest of his life.
How? You said there's no way.
We're preparing a special investigation.
So,
team up with us.
You said you wanted...
to avenge your brother's death.
Let's catch...
Cho Gap Soo.
Where's the journal...
your brother left behind?
There's a what?
Sang Ho's...
journal?
Hello.
I'm Ma Yi Deum of special investigation team.